feat: compatibility mode (#849)
kyma-project/istio: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/istio_update.md

- [ ] Tests and documentation updated if needed.
- [ ] Verify that sidecars are in sync with Control Plane.
- [ ] Istio and Envoy Version updated in the [`README.md`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio) and [`/docs/user/README.md`](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio) files. You can use the scripts `scripts/get_module_istio_version.sh` and `scripts/get_module_envoy_version.sh` to extract the versions.

> - [ ] Check compatibilityVersion, for one minor back, and adjust integration tests, to cover environment variable contained there. You can find it [here](https://github.com/istio/istio/tree/master/manifests/helm-profiles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check **compatibilityVersion** of the previous minor version and adjust integration tests to cover the environment variable contained there. You can find it in the [`helm-profiles`](https://github.com/istio/istio/tree/master/manifests/helm-profiles) directory.
```

> - [ ] Check compatibility variables not covered by compatibilityVersion parameter for the new version, and update them if neccessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check compatibility variables not covered by **compatibilityVersion** parameter for the new version. Update them if necessary. 
```

> - [ ] Check compatibility variables not covered by **compatibilityVersion** parameter for the new version in the Istio release notes. Update them if necessary.

Author: Verify if there are any compatibility related env variables in the release notes, that are not listed in the compatibilityVersion yaml. This way or another we look into that, so I'd thought about it as a reminder to pay attention to such cases.

> - [ ] Check compatibility variables not covered by **compatibilityVersion** parameter for the new version in the Istio release notes. Update them if necessary.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can merge it with the other AC you added, because they are both about compatibility version.
